Sc 13573 update screenshots in tech insights (#1019)
RoadieHQ/marketing-site: content/docs/tech-insights/data-sources/index.md

![Fields extraction](./field-extraction.png)

> 4 - Data retention refers to maximum number of items or duration on how long to keep the them for data retention.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4 - Data retention refers to maximum number of items or duration on how long to keep the them for data before they are automatically removed from the database.
```

5 - Choose a parser to extract a Fact from the data obtained before. For the type “Component repository file” this can be either JSON or Regex parser type, while for “HTTP” data provider type, only JSON is supported. Retrieved YAML files are handled as JSON. Repository directory configuration returns a single value of type Set and the only configurable options are the name and description of the field.  

> JSON type of parser uses [JSONPath Plus](https://jsonpath-plus.github.io/JSONPath/docs/ts/) syntax to extract data from JSON, or [JSONata query syntax](https://jsonata.org/) while Regex type uses [ECMAScript syntax](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Regular_Expressions) to extract data from text.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
JSON type of parser uses  [JSONata query syntax](https://jsonata.org/) syntax to extract data from JSON, alternatively you can also use [JSONPath Plus](https://jsonpath-plus.github.io/JSONPath/docs/ts/) for the same purpose. Regex type uses [ECMAScript syntax](https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Guide/Regular_Expressions) to extract data from text.
```
